= rotten-tomatoes

install the gem

  gem install rotten-tomatoes

use it

#! /usr/bin/env ruby

require 'rubygems'
require 'rotten-tomatoes'

print "Movie Name: "
movie_name = STDIN.gets.chomp

require 'rubygems'
require 'rotten-tomatoes'

  # get a movie
  movie = Rotten_tomatoes::lucky_get_movie_info movie_name

  # do stuff with it
  puts movie.title
  puts "Released in #{movie.year}"
  puts "#{movie.runtime} long"
  puts "Rated #{movie.rating}"
  puts "Tomatometer Freshness rating of #{movie.tomatometer}%"
  puts "Average critic rating of #{movie.tomatometer_average_rating}"
  puts "#{movie.tomatometer_reviews_counted} reviews taken into consideration."
  puts "#{movie.tomatometer_fresh} critic/s said it was fresh."
  puts "#{movie.tomatometer_rotten} critic/s said it was rotten."
  puts "Audience rating of #{movie.audience_rating}% fresh."
  puts "Average audience rating of #{movie.audience_average_rating}."
  puts "#{movie.audience_number_of_ratings} audience ratings."
  puts "Released #{movie.release}"
  puts "Distributed by #{movie.distributor}"

  movie.genres.each do |genre|
    puts "In the #{genre} genre."
  end

  movie.people.each do |role, people|
    puts "\n#{role}"
    people.each do |person|
      if person[:characters] && !person[:characters].empty?
        print "\t#{person[:characters]} portrayed by "
      else
        print "\t"
      end
      puts "#{person[:name]}"
    end
  end

  # Alternatively, people can be accessed by role
  # like so:
  # movie.cast.each do |cast_member|
  #   p cast_member
  # end

  # movie.writers.each do |writer|
  #   p writer
  # end

  # movie.directors.each do |director|
  #   p director
  # end
  #
  # you can also just:
  # p movie.writer
  # and
  # p movie.director


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 atom smith. See LICENSE for details.
